Scheduler recurrenceException: edit description and the Appointment Types article (#1510)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 Widgets/Scheduler/030 Appointments/015 Appointment Types/010 One-Time Appointments.md

![Scheduler One-Time Appointment](/images/UiWidgets/Scheduler_OneTimeAppointment.png)

> An object defining a one-time appointment has this structure:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An object that defines a one-time appointment has this structure:
```

    <!--JavaScript-->
    var appointment = [{ 
        text: "Meet with a customer", 
        startDate: new Date("2021-05-21T15:00:00.000Z"),

>         endDate: new Date("2021-05-21T16:00:00.000Z"),

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        endDate: new Date("2021-05-21T16:00:00.000Z")
```
